"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 








"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"
".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 





"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 


"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
" 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"

"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"
"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 

"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Thank you!!! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 


"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 







"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 

"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"It is STOPPED! 
" 










"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 



"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
" 
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Thank you! 
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."

"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 
"Great crowd, great people! 
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
"Bill is GREAT! 
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"Fake News will never change! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020

"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"So terrible! 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"More Fake News! 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"Fake News! 
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 


"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"
"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Great! 

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 

"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"WOW! 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"Rigged Election! 

"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"We catch them all! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"We are! 

"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"
"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 

"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 

"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Big win Matt! 
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
" 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 

"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"


"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Continued... 


"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Nice flag! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"So true! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."











"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 



"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 







"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"






"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 



"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 


"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 





"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"


"Thank you! 








"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"



"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"





"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"



"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 



"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Thank you so much! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 

"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Rigged Election! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"


"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"
"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 

"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"

"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"True! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"

"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 

"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"It will be fast and easy! 
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 

"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 

"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"

"Thank you @LouDobbs! 

"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 

"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
" 
" 
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 








"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"
".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 





"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 


"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
" 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"

"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"
"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 

"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Thank you!!! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 


"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 







"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 

"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"It is STOPPED! 
" 










"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 



"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
" 
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Thank you! 
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."

"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 
"Great crowd, great people! 
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
"Bill is GREAT! 
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"Fake News will never change! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020

"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"So terrible! 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"More Fake News! 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"Fake News! 
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 


"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"
"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Great! 

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 

"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"WOW! 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"Rigged Election! 

"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"We catch them all! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"We are! 

"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"
"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 

"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 

"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Big win Matt! 
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
" 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 

"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"


"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Continued... 


"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Nice flag! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"So true! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."











"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 



"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 







"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"






"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 



"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 


"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 





"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"


"Thank you! 








"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"



"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"





"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"



"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 



"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Thank you so much! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 

"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Rigged Election! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"


"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"
"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 

"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"

"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"True! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"

"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 

"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"It will be fast and easy! 
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 

"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 

"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"

"Thank you @LouDobbs! 

"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 

"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
" 
" 
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 








"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"
".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 





"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 


"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
" 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"

"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"
"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 

"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Thank you!!! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 


"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 







"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 

"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"It is STOPPED! 
" 










"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 



"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
" 
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Thank you! 
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."

"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 
"Great crowd, great people! 
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
"Bill is GREAT! 
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"Fake News will never change! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020

"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"So terrible! 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"More Fake News! 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"Fake News! 
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 


"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"
"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Great! 

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 

"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"WOW! 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"Rigged Election! 

"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"We catch them all! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"We are! 

"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"
"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 

"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 

"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Big win Matt! 
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
" 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 

"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"


"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Continued... 


"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Nice flag! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"So true! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."











"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 



"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 







"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"






"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 



"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 


"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 





"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"


"Thank you! 








"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"



"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"





"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"



"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 



"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Thank you so much! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 

"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Rigged Election! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"


"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"
"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 

"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"

"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"True! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"

"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 

"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"It will be fast and easy! 
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 

"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 

"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"

"Thank you @LouDobbs! 

"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 

"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
" 
" 
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 








"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"
".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 





"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 


"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
" 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"

"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"
"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 

"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Thank you!!! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 


"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 







"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 

"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"It is STOPPED! 
" 










"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 



"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
" 
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Thank you! 
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."

"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 
"Great crowd, great people! 
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
"Bill is GREAT! 
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"Fake News will never change! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020

"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"So terrible! 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"More Fake News! 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"Fake News! 
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 


"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"
"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Great! 

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 

"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"WOW! 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"Rigged Election! 

"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"We catch them all! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"We are! 

"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"
"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 

"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 

"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Big win Matt! 
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
" 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 

"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"


"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Continued... 


"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Nice flag! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"So true! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."











"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 



"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 







"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"






"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 



"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 


"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 





"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"


"Thank you! 








"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"



"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"





"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"



"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 



"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Thank you so much! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 

"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Rigged Election! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"


"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"
"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 

"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"

"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"True! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"

"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 

"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"It will be fast and easy! 
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 

"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 

"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"

"Thank you @LouDobbs! 

"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 

"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
" 
" 
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 








"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"
".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 





"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 


"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
" 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"

"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"
"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 

"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Thank you!!! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 


"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 







"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 

"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"It is STOPPED! 
" 










"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 



"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
" 
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Thank you! 
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."

"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 
"Great crowd, great people! 
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
"Bill is GREAT! 
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"Fake News will never change! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020

"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"So terrible! 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"More Fake News! 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"Fake News! 
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 


"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"
"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Great! 

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 

"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"WOW! 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"Rigged Election! 

"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"We catch them all! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"We are! 

"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"
"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 

"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 

"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Big win Matt! 
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
" 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 

"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"


"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Continued... 


"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Nice flag! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"So true! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."











"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 



"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 







"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"






"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 



"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 


"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 





"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"


"Thank you! 








"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"



"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"





"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"



"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 



"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Thank you so much! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 

"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Rigged Election! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"


"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"
"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 

"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"

"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"True! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"

"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 

"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"It will be fast and easy! 
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 

"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 

"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"

"Thank you @LouDobbs! 

"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 

"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
" 
" 
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"
"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 

"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."

".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"True! 
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"
"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 


"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"


"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"

"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 



"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 



"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 




"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 
"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"
"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"


"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 

"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."


"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"Fake News! 
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"
"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Great! 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Would lead to disaster! 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"Great! 
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"FAKE NEWS!"
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"YES! 
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
" 
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."







"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 


"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 

"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 


"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"

"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Great News on Vaccines!"

"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 





"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"



"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 


"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."

"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"
"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 

"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."

".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"True! 
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"
"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 


"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"


"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"

"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 



"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 



"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 




"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 
"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"
"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"


"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 

"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."


"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"Fake News! 
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"
"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Great! 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Would lead to disaster! 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"Great! 
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"FAKE NEWS!"
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"YES! 
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
" 
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."







"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 


"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 

"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 


"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"

"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Great News on Vaccines!"

"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 





"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"



"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 


"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."

"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"
"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 

"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."

".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"True! 
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"
"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 


"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"


"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"

"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 



"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 



"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 




"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 
"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"
"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"


"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 

"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."


"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"Fake News! 
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"
"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Great! 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Would lead to disaster! 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"Great! 
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"FAKE NEWS!"
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"YES! 
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
" 
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."







"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 


"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 

"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 


"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"

"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Great News on Vaccines!"

"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 





"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"



"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 


"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."

"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"
"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 

"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."

".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"True! 
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"
"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 


"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"


"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"

"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 



"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 



"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 




"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 
"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"
"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"


"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 

"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."


"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"Fake News! 
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"
"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Great! 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Would lead to disaster! 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"Great! 
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"FAKE NEWS!"
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"YES! 
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
" 
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."







"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 


"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 

"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 


"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"

"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Great News on Vaccines!"

"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 





"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"



"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 


"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."

"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 

"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"
"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 
"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"
"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."
"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 



"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"


"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Pathetic! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"

"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 

"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 

"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."

".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"True! 
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"
"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 


"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"

"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."
"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"


"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"

"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 



"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 



"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 




"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 
"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"
"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"



"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"
"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."

"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"
"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"
"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"


"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you! 

"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"
"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."


"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"Fake News! 
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 

"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"
"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
"I will NEVER let you down! 

"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"
"Great! 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"Thank you James! 
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Thank you Franklin! 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 

"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"

"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Would lead to disaster! 
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"

"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"
"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"



"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"Great! 
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 


"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"FAKE NEWS!"
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"
"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 

"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"
"YES! 
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
" 
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
" 
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."







"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 


"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 


"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 

"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 


"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"

"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."
"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"
"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."
"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 

"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Great News on Vaccines!"

"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 





"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"



"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"




"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 



"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"



"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 



"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 

"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"Lunacy! 

"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 


" 



"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 


"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 




"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"



"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"

"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"


"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."

"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"


"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."
"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
"The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!"
"“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!"




"As per your request, Joe...  
"HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
"Thank you Megyn! 
"11 DAYS! #MAGA 
"Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!"
"Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!"

"THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

"Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



"Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
"What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
"Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!"
"...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
"Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!



"This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
"As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
"WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

" 


"So true! 


"Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
"Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!"


"Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!"
"The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!"
"#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA🇺🇸

"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!"
"...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place..."
"THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida! #MAGA 


"On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!"

"Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!"
".@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!"
"So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!"
"Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular @SeanParnellUSA, at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept"
"Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!"
"Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!

"Amazing! 
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!"
" 

"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA


"Thank you Rabbis! 
"Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo &amp; Steve Biegun &amp; @WHNSC for getting the deal done!"
"Great people. Vote for Trump! 
"Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
"In honor of Maine! 
"Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
"Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
"Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!"

"There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!"
"Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!"
"Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!"
"Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!"
"Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!"
"Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you! 
"Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
"The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
"Great! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!"
"Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
"Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
"Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
"Thank you! 
"Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T"
OBAMAGATE!
"“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!"
"$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely."
"Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states...."
".@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law &amp; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
"Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
"...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!"
"Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks &amp; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!"
"GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!"
"Heading for Arizona. See you soon!"
"Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!"
"....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!"
"@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows &amp; team are doing a fantastic job...."
"Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
"Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!"
"Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!"

"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
"A perfect strike for the American people! 
"....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!"
"Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City &amp; State have sunk to historic lows..."
"Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
"Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law &amp; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military &amp; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04"
"Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
"...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!"
".@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!"
"....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!"
"The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted...."
"Virginia! 
"Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews"
"My great honor! 
"Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!"
"Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews"
"Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!"
"Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
"Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!"
"Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews"
"An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 

"Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  

"Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!"


"We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!"

"Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!"

"...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!"
"Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd."
"Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!"
" 
"The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!"

" 
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

"Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 

"Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 









"He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
"New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!"
"Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!"
"Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!"
"I agree! 

"Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
"Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!"
"ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!"

".@TheJusticeDept 
"The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
"ColdCaseJoe! 
"7 DAYS!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!"
"Thank you Harry! 
"Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
"Sleepy Eyes fails again! 
"HAPPY EASTER!"
"Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
"Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
"Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, @nytimes and @washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!"
"WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!"
"Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York &amp; USA. She has my Full &amp; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

"NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!"
"So great for the World! 
"Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
"To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
"New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
"Great book! 
"A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
"Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman (Mayor Pete) &amp; @amyklobuchar to quit &amp; endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, &amp; gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have...."
"When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!"
"Vote! 
"Vote! 
"Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!"
"Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”."
"3% up in Pennsylvania!"
" 
"Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”"
"Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!"
"Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate &amp; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!"
"Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
"They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!"
"Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
"Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes."
"In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!"
"3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!"

"Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 

"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!



"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
"Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

"This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 

" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

"WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 


"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! #VOTE"
"Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE"
"Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

"Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 

"THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers &amp; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job &amp; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
" 
" 

"We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!"

"I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about..."
"WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
"“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco"
"To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!"
"As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?"
"Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
"Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, &amp; many tests of young people."
"Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 

"It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it."

"The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!"
"Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!"
"Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 

"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 


"Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 

"....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!"

"Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me! 
"Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody...."
"Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

"I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!"
"We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
"The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!"

"If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 

"USA! 
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
"Congressman @DaveJoyceOH14 is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime, our Border, Second Amendment, and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230"

" 


"Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 

"Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!"
"Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, @DonnaShalala, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!"




"Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!"

"THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo"
"Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!"
" 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA


".@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 

"This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews"

"Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”"
"Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!"

"GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Winners All! 
"Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
"If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!"
"Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!"
"....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!"
"So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, &amp; got a job there...."
"Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!"
"A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!"
"Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
"THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!


"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

"Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 



"This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
"For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!"
"Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!"
"My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &amp; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror."
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went"
"The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!"
"“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy"
" 
"BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!"
"They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
"Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!"
"Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!"

"Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!"
"Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!"
"Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!"
"The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”."

"Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 

"Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!"
"If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
"Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews"

"Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews"
"Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
"WOW! Do you believe this!? 
"Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!"
"Way ahead in Texas!"
"Watch the Great Red Wave!"
"In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
"With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!"
"Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!"

#BidenCrimeFamiily
"Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
"There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!"
"If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!"

"For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
"NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
"More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!"
"The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages."
"Rigged? 
"33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!"
"SUPREME COURT!"
"SECOND AMENDMENT!"
"I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!"
"This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



"Great Red Wave! 
"Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
"Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
"Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
"On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

"Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!"
"Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

"...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

#VOTE #MAGA"
"Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews."
"...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China..."
"This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &amp; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
"We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; GET OUT &amp; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
"Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 

#MAGA #Election2020 

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


"This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 

"One of the most important issues is LAW &amp; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters &amp; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
"The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!"
"This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
"I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"THANK YOU MINNESOTA!

"President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”."

"Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

"...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!"
"Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens..."
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma &amp; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power &amp; he will use that power to hurt you &amp; enrich his cronies! 
"There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!"
"Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!"
"Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &amp; Social Security. Biden was..."
"“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter. @ffweekend"
"I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!"
"Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!"
"Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!"
"Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!"
"
#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
"Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
"Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law &amp; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!"
"Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!"
"Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!"
"Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
"Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 

"I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &amp; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal &amp; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
"Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
"Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &amp; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &amp; depression. Gas prices would explode &amp; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &amp; promote PA energy! 
"Biden &amp; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!"
"Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!

"3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes &amp; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, &amp; eliminate private healthcare!




"We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
"Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
"We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

#ElectionDay #MAGA🇺🇸 
 
"Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!"
"Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!"
"Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!

"For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
#Election2020 #MAGA🇺🇸 
"Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &amp; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!

"I LOVE TEXAS! 
"Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
"Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
"Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &amp; fracking industry. If Biden &amp; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
"Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

"Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!"
"Go Joe!!! 
"Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 


".@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
"We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
".@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
"Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
"Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military &amp; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
"Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
".@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law &amp; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
"Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
"Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02"
".@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law &amp; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
".@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, Trade, Law &amp; Order, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
".@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
"Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
"We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs &amp; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
"People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!"
"Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!"
"When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, &amp; now many plants are and have been built..."
"...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!"
"Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”."
"Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!"
"....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded &amp; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!"
"The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was...."
" 
"WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources."
"Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
"Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!"
"GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!

"I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
"Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
"You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA 


"Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP"
"Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!"
"Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon."
"Thank you Iowa!"
"Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!"
"Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!"



"For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &amp; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU."
"Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA"
"Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!"

"People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
"Thank you North Carolina! 

"Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law &amp; Order, the Wall, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
"In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI &amp; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



"Thank you Georgia! #MAGA

".@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy &amp; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 

"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!


"Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!"
"Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!"
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you Florida! #MAGA 

"Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 

"For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

"If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA 
"...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!"
"Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices..."
"As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
"Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
 
"This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
"West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
"Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Texas, Pennsylvania:
 Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!"
"Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!"
"“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”"
"I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &amp; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists..."

"Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!"
"...our noble history, heritage &amp; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, &amp; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!"
"...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs &amp; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, &amp; demeaned your sacred faith &amp; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming..."


"We have more Cases because we have more Testing!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?"
"Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!)."
"The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp &amp; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!"
"Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
"Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!"
"Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!"
"I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!


"Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century..."
"If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
"...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
"Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and..."
"With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty &amp; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
"As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!"
"My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 

"¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
"Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!"

"Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
"I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
"Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!"
"A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!"
"For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!"
"Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
" 
"The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!"

"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 



"I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN! 
"A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
"Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
"A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
"Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists."
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN!




"Thank you Brad! 
"To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
"Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
"Thank you Matt! 
"VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!



"A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor! 


"Get out &amp; VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!

Find your polling place below. 
"WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!"
"I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!"
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
"Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run &amp; controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!"
"How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?"
"WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
"I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
"They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!"
"They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!"
"Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!"
"We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”"
".....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!"
"We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,....."
"Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!"
"Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews"
"STOP THE COUNT!"
"ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!"
"Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews"
"Big legal win in Pennsylvania!"
"All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!"
"STOP THE FRAUD!"
"News Conference at 6:30 P.M."




"So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!"
"Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!"
"I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!"
"“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness"
"....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco"
"....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,..."
"....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and...."
"“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the"
"With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!"
"Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?"
"@RussVought45 @MarkMeadows @USTreasury"
"Thank you! 

"Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  

"Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly."
"Great interview Eric! 

"Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

"Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans."
"Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
"Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military &amp; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
".@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
"Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
"Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
"WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews"
"See you soon North Carolina!  
"....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!"
"For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 

"...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
"Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times..."
"Progress being made! 
"If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
"Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!"

"Play College Football!"
"10:00 A.M. 

"Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"

"Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 

"The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &amp; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!"
"But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
"DIRTY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT!"
"Some things never get old! 
"Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
"Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
"GREAT PATRIOTS! 
"Play Football Big Ten! 
"Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
"Ridiculous, don’t do it! 

"Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump."

"Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?"

"Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
"WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!"
"All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!"
"Thank you Mark! 
"The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!"
"7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases    The greatest political scam in American history!"
"See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
"Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!"
"Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada! #MAGA 

"Here you go @JoeBiden! 
"Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!"
"A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
"We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!"
"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!"
"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!"
"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

"If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

"JUST VOTED. A great honor!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY! #MAGA 
"If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists &amp; violent criminals! 
"Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
"The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.

"The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 

"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!"
"Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!"
"Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse."
"Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
"Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!"
"I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions &amp; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
"Depression! 
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
"For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
"Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
"Very cool. Please thank him! 

"THANK YOU @SenateGOP! 
"Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!"
"HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 

"Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”.  In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!"

"AMERICA FIRST!"

"My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!"
"....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, &amp; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!"
"ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!"
".@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!"
"He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
"I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!"
"Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!"
"What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!"
"Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?"
"Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!"
"Thank you! 
"NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!"
"Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!"
"THANK YOU MICHAEL! @bittyandbeaus 
"Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!"

"Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr"
"The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!"
"Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem"
"The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!"

"Thank you George, great honor! 
" 
"Happy National Farmers Day! 
"“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
"Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!"
"Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!"
"All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!"

"BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
"The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends???? 

".@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!"
"DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
"Thank you Michael. You also! 
"At least they admit it. The Failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost never correct their Fake Reporting! 
"Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!"
"“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”

.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 

"It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
"THANK YOU @MarkLevinShow! 

"New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends"
"Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
"No, I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein! 
"“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier"
"Yes! 
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!"
"Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A, empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals &amp; terrorists. 
"Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!"
"“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson"
"Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
"That’s right Jack. Keep up the good work! 
"I hate to be promoting AT&amp;T, but @OANN is Great News, not Fake News. Everybody should be carrying them! 
"Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!"
"I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...

"FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to  #MAGA 
"Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!"
"The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done, that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also, she should come back to Washington now! 
"Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BORDERS. I want STRONG BORDERS! 
"READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law &amp; Order will prevail, strong version!"
"...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations..."
"...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!"
"On my way, Nevada!"
"Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!"
"Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?"
"It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a..."
"Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN"
"I, for one, am glad to see he is back, and well! 
"I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!"

"Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!"

"Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 

"WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews"
"Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
"Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!"
"Two wonderful people! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
"So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
"Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman, @JimRyun!"
"....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!"
"I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, &amp; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!"
"WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
".@CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn &amp; why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man &amp; his family. They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"Wow! The Front Page @washingtonpost Headline reads, “A BOOST IN TESTS, BUT LACK OF TAKERS.” We have done a great job on Ventilators, Testing, and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests, and going up fast. More than all countries in the world, combined."
"REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!"
"ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  

"Just told that Fake News @CNN is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually, he is doing a great job, I never shouted at him (been with me for years, including the 2016 win), &amp; have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!"
"Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious &amp; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
"Thank you! 
"Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"She was thrown off The View like a dog, Zero T.V. Personas. Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC (Concast). Doesn’t have what it takes! 
"Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!"
"...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
"He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
"While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!"
"So true, although Honest Abe wasn’t bad. Thank you! 
"How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!"
"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News @CNN “anchorman” Don Lemon, the “dumbest man on television”. Then you have Psycho Joe “What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend?” Scarborough, another of the low I.Q. individuals!"
"“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews"
"Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!"
"Not much time to sleep. Thank you! 
"Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
".....mixed about even wanting us to get out. They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay, and except at the beginning, we never really fought to win. We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are, especially now as rebuilt. No, I am not acting impulsively!"

"A fantastic new book, “American Crusade” written by a Great American Patriot, @PeteHegseth — is available tomorrow! Hear more about it as he joins @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00pmE and @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 8:30amE. Get your copy today! 
"Today we commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Saint John Paul II. HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
"The Democrats are just, as always, looking for trouble. They do nothing constructive, even in times of crisis. They don’t want to blame their cash cow, China, for the plague. China is blaming Europe. Dr. Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon! #DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS 
"Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway (207), Finland (206) or Denmark (443). The United States made the correct decision!"
"Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options."

"THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 

"...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!"
"No reason to turn it down, except politics. We have plenty of testing. Maybe you need a new Doctor over there. Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work! 
"Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice..."
"Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News @CNN closely in toe), was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred &amp; bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!"
"Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, &amp; S.S. GREAT JOB!"
"Beautiful, thank you to our GREAT @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! 
"What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!"
"I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
"Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
"FAKE POLLING, just like 2016 (but worse)!"
".@PeteHegseth  “Oh bye the way, I appreciate the message from former President Bush, but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside.” @foxandfriends  He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history!"
"The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. Besides, the Taliban is....."
"Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!"
"I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA"
"THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!"
"Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately! 
"The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine &amp; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!"
"Animals that must be hit hard! 
"YES! 
"Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!"
"The Fake News doesn’t show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT, the Enemy of the People! 
"June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

"Plus many! 
".@foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!"
"This is the letter sent to Dr. Tedros of the World Health Organization. It is self-explanatory! 
".@FoxNews is no longer the same. We miss the great Roger Ailes. You have more anti-Trump people, by far, than ever before. Looking for a new outlet! 


"Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
"Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”."

"Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!"
"Many complaints coming in about Maine. I love that State, won Maine 2 - Don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself. That can happen, you know! 
"Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of @FoxBusiness. She really understands OBAMAGATE!"
"If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
"Hopefully our Country will soon mend. We are all missing our wonderful rallies, and many other things! 
"Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!"
"Thank you!!! 
"Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
"...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
"Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now..."
"Wow! 
"Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"Thank you! 
"Keep punching Mike! 
"I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
"...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
"We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &amp; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, &amp; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet..."
"No thanks! 
"Thank you! 
"I am proud to announce the Portland Area’s @trimet will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!"
"I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at @flySFO Intl Airport and for transit on @sfmta_muni &amp; @SFBart. This money will aid in economic recovery!"
"DC’s @WMATA system is getting over $876M, a big boost to stay open &amp; operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid &amp; buses &amp; trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to @MayorBowser &amp; all!"
"In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, &amp; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?"
"...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

"Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the..."
"...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
"Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate..."
"WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
"They just don’t get it! 
" 
"Great! 
"The Fake News knows this. Thanks Katie! 
"I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!"
"FAKE NEWS! 

"Going well despite the Fake News! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!"
"They got caught. Some very nervous criminals out there. Thank you Ted! 
"Thank you! 
"Thanks. Sleepy Joe has given you nothing, and never will! 
"Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
"So nice to see this great honor. Thank you (but haven’t played golf in a long time)! 
"Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over..."
"...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices."
"Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
"Congratulations to my daughter, Tiffany, on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student, great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!"
"Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 

"....And then came a Plague, a great and powerful Plague, and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the World, and became greater than ever before!"
"“I said NO to a deal, Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, &amp; I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected, Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him.” Roger Stone @LouDobbs.."
"A really great woman, and what a job she is doing! 
"Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! 
"The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!"
"Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 
"Thank you Emily! 

"“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” @RichLowry 
"I am pleased to announce that the Seattle area’s @SoundTransit will receive over $166M in federal funds from @USDOT to help keep the transit system open &amp; operational, helping get people to work or make necessary trips. These funds help replace lost fare revenue, very important!"


"The Do Nothing Democrats! 
"I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
"Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
"Always safe Katie! 
"Thank you! 
"So true. OBAMAGATE! 
"Thank you Ryan. Working hard! 
"...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money..."
"...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!"
"Thank you! 
"This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
"For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden..."
"Thank you, so nice! 

"Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!"
"....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!"
"Crazy! 
"People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 

"The Tulsa, Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the @USDOT of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project. This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots! @GovStitt"
"We have sent our best Military &amp; @FEMA Teams, already there. Governor must now “set you free” to help. Will be with you soon! 
"If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
"Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
"I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!"
"Cases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!"
"After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!"

".@FoxNews should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll! 
"....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!"
"Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans...."
"Why doesn’t @FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) @CNN Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!"
"China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!"
"....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!"
"“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides, bad ratings! #OPENJOECOLDCASE"
"Great Jobs Numbers!"
"Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals &amp; beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!"
"Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews"
"Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace...."

"And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy, you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job, and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our Military &amp; our Vets, demands Open Borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy! 

"Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA, ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
".@60Minutes &amp; third place anchor, @NorahODonnell, are doing everything in their power to demean our Country, much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats. Tonight they put on yet another Fake “Whistleblower”, a disgruntled employee who supports Dems, fabricates stories, &amp;..."
"We can’t let the Fake News, and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?"
"Wow! 
"Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!"
"California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!"
"Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts, Rebuilt Military, Choice for Vets, saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) Federal Judges, not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!"
"THANK YOU! #RollingToRemember  
"Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!"
"GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!"
"...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!"
"I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed."
"State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They can’t! If they do, “I think” I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections. @RussVought45 @USTreasury"
"Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China”, and nothing else, that did this mass Worldwide killing!"
"....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned.  @FoxNews And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!"
"I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration (@MdAviation) will receive $87.8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the U.S. Capital Region. Very important for economic recovery!"
"Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you haven’t yet received your payment, go to  and click on “GET MY PAYMENT” to receive your money FAST!"
"Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy"
"My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, THANK YOU!"
"Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness”, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!"
"$49.8M is on its way to @DallasLoveField Airport to aid in economic recovery. This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area &amp; keep aviation workers on the job &amp; commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. Proud to support our friends in Dallas!"
"Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
"MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!"
"Great news for the Dallas area! Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) will be receiving $229M in funding to keep front line workers, and the many riders that depend on transit, employed and safe. This will be critical to economic recovery! @GregAbbott_TX @dartmedia"

"“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!"
"THANK YOU #USNSComfort! 
"....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss, Publisher A.G. Sulzberger, and I laugh at them all. The @nytimes is a total mess!"
".@deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on “figuring Trump out”. Called it all wrong from the...."
"....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
"Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets...."
"STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!"
"Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
"This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
"3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville), the true supporter of our #MAGA agenda!  
"Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA"
"Just departed the @WhiteHouse for the Great State of Michigan! 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 

"Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!"
"....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN &amp; MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!"
"Many will disagree, but @FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris..."
"Lisa Scheller (@SchellerforPA) will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly supports our Military, Vets, Small Businesses and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA07

"“The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse (the corruption) than we thought.” @Jim_Jordan  DIRTY COPS!"
"Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
"DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box  via @BreitbartNews"
"How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
"David Young (@YoungForIowa) is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses, Military, the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IA03 
"Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
"Congressman Dan Meuser (@Meuser4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment – a real supporter of our #MAGA agenda. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA09


"Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
"Congressman Lloyd Smucker (@LloydSmuckerPA) is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment, and he’s fighting for our incredible Workers, Military and Vets. Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA11 
"Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again! 
"The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible."

"Congressman Scott Perry (@PatriotsPerry) is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors, Vets, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA10 
"Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
"A big winner. Congratulations! 
"Hello! 
"Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!"

"OIL (ENERGY) IS BACK!!!!"
"LOSER! 
"Sleepy Joe  is wrong again! 
"Congressman Fred Keller (@VoteFredKeller) has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election! He strongly supports our Vets, Small Businesses, Workers, and the Second Amendment. Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA12 
"Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (@GT_TeamGT) is a hard worker for Pennsylvania! The ""Dean of the Delegation"", he strongly supports our incredible Farmers, Vets and the Second Amendment. “GT” has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA15 
"Heading to Arizona!"
"So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. Then why did he make, and sign, an emergency use authorization? @NorahODonnell said, “He shared his concerns with a reporter.” In other words, he LEAKED. A dumb @60Minutes hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper!"
"We are with them! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen"
"Another $298M heading to @MTA, adding up to over $2B in federal funding from @USDOT so far, part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!"
"Congressman Mike Kelly (@MikeKellyforPA) is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania! He fights to Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, Protect our Borders, and Defend the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA16 
"Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime"
"Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also, saved big dollars!"
"Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
"Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
"....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation."
"I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus...."
"Sean (@SeanParnellUSA) has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA17 
"Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!"
"Congressman Guy Reschenthaler (@reschenthaler) is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania! A Navy veteran, Guy strongly supports our Vets, Borders, and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law. Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA14 
"Congressman John Joyce (@JohnJoyceForPA) is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! John loves our Vets, Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA13

"...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
"Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment..."
"Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
"....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!"
"I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history, and it has been my honor in doing so! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06
 
"How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always....."
"...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!"
"Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and..."
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. Strong on Crime, the Border and Agriculture — and he loves our Vets! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Ronny! 
"Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!"
"Dirty Cop! 
"...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!"
"...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests..."
"Action must be taken! 
"I do! 
"Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!"
"Thank you Jack! 
"For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle"" compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA, instead of always ripping us down! 
"Cryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over &amp; over again. “We don’t have enough testing ,” he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on Testing, just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied, gave NY SALT. Run AOC!"
"Big day for JUSTICE. Congratulations John! 
"Caught in the act! 
"This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 
"The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!"

"Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!"
"DOJ? 
"You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
".@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”."
"Remember this? Happy #CincoDeMayo! 
"Cryin Chuck Schumer, compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo &amp; most others can’t stand him. AOC!"


"The Governor of Michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. These are very good people, but they are angry. They want their lives back again, safely! See them, talk to them, make a deal."
"Congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants, and everything related, back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly, they will all be saved!"
"So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!"
"He’s BOTH! 
"Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
"Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
"So bad! 
"We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China &amp; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
"Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project”, goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets (Choice!) &amp; protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!"
"I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Upon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!"
"This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
"Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!"
"“President Trump is leading Joe Biden (D) in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...This is significant, as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.” 
"Concast (@NBCNews) and Fake News @CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!"
"Patriots! 
"Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification &amp; business deductions for restaurants &amp; ent."
"...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining &amp; find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!"
"We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
"Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals &amp; a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining....."
"....Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Senator Shelley Moore Capito (@CapitoforWV) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment, Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border...."
"Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld, a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert, nice guy Jimmy Fallon, and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so. @FoxNews"
"Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &amp; @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
"Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! #MAGA 
"Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!"
"....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals."
"Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites &amp; are never satisfied (politics?). Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should..."
"Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!"
"We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!"
"For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
"Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!"
"Sean Parnell is a Star. We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp! 

"Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?"
"USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before! 
"The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
"On #NationalTeacherDay, we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students, thank you! 
"Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
"Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight."
"CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &amp; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
"No Voter Fraud! 
"All things that I have GOTTEN DONE, including Criminal Justice Reform! 
"No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 

"I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of @Honeywell! 
"Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
"Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 

"...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
"“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.” @MariaBartiromo  And FAST!"
"The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault, &amp; I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!"
"...And Sleepy Joe! 
"They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
"Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
"Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, &amp; I expect &amp; hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil &amp; gas industry!"

"Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!"
"Pathetic! 
".....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!"
"Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS! 
" 
"Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here! 
"Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
"His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
"Thank you! 
"Who are the 4%? A RINO or two! 
"30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD 
"I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
"So true! 
"Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

"Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
"Thank you @Honeywell! 
"A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
"....price. You should drop out of the race &amp; pray that super liberal @DougJones, a weak &amp; pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi &amp; Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO”. Disgraced Alabama. Coach @TTuberville will be a GREAT Senator!"
"Jeff, you had your chance &amp; you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE (you never told me of a problem), and ran for the hills. You had no courage, &amp; ruined many lives. The dirty cops, &amp; others, got caught by better &amp; stronger people than you. Hopefully this slime will pay a big... 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!"
"There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan. @MarkMeadows"
"White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The Fake News has reached an all time high!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll, and shows “Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.”"

"We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!"
"TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"

"Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A. Tough on Crime, Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!"

"Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
"Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!"
"GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! #MAGA"
"As you know, I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer. As our Nation heals, our Spirit has never been Stronger! 
"I won’t be watching much anymore! 
"..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!"
"Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!"

"One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
"Thank you @USNationalGuard, keep up the great work! 
"John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from...."
"And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
"Thank you! 
"Big Stock Market Numbers!"
"More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!"
"Today, @FLOTUS celebrates the two year anniversary of #BeBest, her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. Congratulations, and thank you!  
"A blow to her head? Body found under his desk? Left Congress suddenly? Big topic of discussion in Florida...and, he’s a Nut Job (with bad ratings). Keep digging, use forensic geniuses! 
"ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!"
"Thank you @DeptofDefense, @USACEHQ, @USNationalGuard, @FEMA, and @CDCgov!  
"I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
"The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESAct

Small Business Guidance &amp; Loan Resources:  
"Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 

"True! 
"Great job being done by @BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!"


"Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...

"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews"
"Many physicians agree with you. Also, some very good studies! @SteveFDA @US_FDA 
"Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!"
"Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
"I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. I WILL &amp; HAVE!!! 
"A great day at West Point! 
"She should be ashamed of herself! 
"Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!"
" 

".@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!"
"So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!"
"Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!"

"Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well, he got it right in 2016?"
"Thank you Philip! 
"Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct, and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January, just prior to my banning China from the U.S. Also, they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening, or matter of fact, manner..."
"I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
"The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo"

"....are getting caught doing very evil things, and Republicans should take note. This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department! @GovChristie"
"Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor @greglaurie at @harvestorg Church in Riverside, California tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. Eastern. 
"Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!

"Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!"
"Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
"....Fake News got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens, and as such, I welcome them with open arms!"
"Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!"
"Thank you Cory! 

"Disgraceful! 
"Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon..."

"Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"Great News, Mike! 
"Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!"
"Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Court) on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as “Bridgegate.” The Democrats...."
"....to it, as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. Thank you!"
"....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success, the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY &amp; OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ...."
"....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. Face masks &amp; shields,...."
"Thank you Herschel! 
"He wants to raise taxes all over our Country! 
"Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely."
"Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!"
"The White House CoronaVirus Task Force, headed by Vice President Mike Pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators, which were few &amp; in bad shape, are now being...."
"....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt &amp; Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O”, &amp; Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. They’re all LOSERS, but Abe Lincoln, Republican, is all smiles!"
"....because they don’t know how to win, and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, Moonface, but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich (to me). Crazed Rick Wilson...."
"....get even for all of their many failures. You see, these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges, 2 great Supreme Court Justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd Amendment, biggest EVER Tax &amp; Regulation cuts, and much more. I didn’t use any of them...."
"Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!"

"A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, “Morning in America”, doing everything possible to...."
"A great new book, “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal, and current Texas Congressman @DanCrenshawTX, is now available. A fantastic guy — get your copy today! 
"Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE"
"I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake &amp; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!"
"Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!"
"I fully agree! 
"Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn, and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together!"
"Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump  via @BreitbartNews.  Well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say, done a fantastic job! DJT"
"I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the @ppploan if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica &amp; community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury"
"We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out..."
"DRAIN THE SWAMP!"
"I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the #PPPloan if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica &amp; community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury"
"Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
"“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on @ABC at 10:00 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!"

"....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it!"
"The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!"
"Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!"

"Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone. He’s a tough guy, but a good guy - and as smart as they come. His new book, “Defend The Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis” is a...."
"People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!"

"I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!"
"Allen, get well soon! 

"Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!"
"A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough. So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office, hit her head on his desk, &amp; die? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that? An affair? What about the so-called investigator? Read story! 
"Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!"

"I agree with this. Watch! 
"The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!"
"VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 

"I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. That’s why I am supporting a true conservative, @DanJohnstonND for State Treasurer of North Dakota! 
"Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!"
"Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
"Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
"....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!

"Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
"THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets...."
"Great! 
"Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
"You are right! 
"“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
"“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley"
"THE LONE WARRIOR!"
"Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
"So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
"So true! 
"So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!"
"Good idea Dana! 
"Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!"
"Be sure to watch, “Witch Hunt, the Flynn Vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable @GreggJarrett on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History!"
"My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
".@CNN is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!"
"Mike has my complete &amp; total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot &amp; hero, &amp; a brilliant Annapolis grad, Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots, &amp; check that they are counted! 
"I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!"
"Corrected Fake News! 


"TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!"

"Thank you. We love our boaters! 
"Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 

"A great &amp; wonderful woman! 
"Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!"
"Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity"

"....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!"
"CA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from @MikeGarcia2020.  @GavinNewsom must act now!"
"A very biased “journalist”. 
"America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores! @JohnBoozman"
"As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 

"I agree! 
"The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!"
"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020"
"Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"A disgrace. Total corruption! 
"...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way..."
"Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!"
"....We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever! @littleleagueceo"
"To all of our youth who are missing the start of their @LittleLeague seasons, hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon...."

"The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election, plain and simple! 
".@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter &amp; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
" 
"...vacationing, relaxing &amp; making shady deals with other countries, &amp; that Barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!"
"Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf (exercise) today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months, that Biden was constantly....."
"On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!"
"Thank you Gayle! 
"I give, and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly salary, $400,000 to $450,000, back to our government. Last check to HHS Covid relief. My great honor! 
"True! 
"I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting, depending on new information. Talks &amp; meetings today are proving promising, but a rough two weeks are coming up!"
"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!"
"Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what...."
"Among many other very important events, meetings, and calls! 
"Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!"
"Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!"
"...And many more! 
"We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!"
"I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!"
"Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!"
"Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!"

"At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!"
"New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!"
"Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!"
"BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!"
"White House news conference at 6:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries, and the World! 
"I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!"


"She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 

"A great man for Washington! Will Drain the Swamp! 
"Why is it that all of the political pundits &amp; consultants that I beat so easily &amp; badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth, have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite President, me. These people are stone cold crazy!"

"He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
".@gayletrotter  “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.” @FoxNews"
"Starting early next week, at my order, the USA will be purchasing, from our Farmers, Ranchers &amp; Specialty Crop Growers, 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy, Meat &amp; Produce for Food Lines &amp; Kitchens. “FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX”  Great news for all!  @SecretarySonny @ZippyDuvall"
"The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!"
"For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying &amp; no other countries would allow them to dock!"

"Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt &amp; dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, &amp; haven’t been for years (Witch-Hunts, Fake News)! 
"Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!"
"A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! 
"Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!"
"Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!"
"Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"USA STRONG!"
"Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!)."


"Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!"
" 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!"
"...to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you, and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!"
"...made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans, and others, to head to beautiful North Carolina in August. They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not, we will be reluctantly forced..."

"LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!"
"I love the Great State of North Carolina, so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August. Unfortunately, Democrat Governor, @RoyCooperNC is still in Shutdown mood &amp; unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed..."
"...full attendance in the Arena. In other words, we would be spending  millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space. Plans are being...."
"Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!"
"HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!"

"Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"




"TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready, it is already happening again!"
"Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 





"I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!"




"Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!"

"Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
"Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!"



"Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!"
"....Hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!"

"Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


"....3 months and, if I waited 3 years, they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic,  or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course, often flying to...."
"Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps, even a little exercise, I played golf over the weekend. The Fake &amp; Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen! What they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost..."

"The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

"...And we caught them and their illegal activities! 


"Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?"
"Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!"
"It is STOPPED! 
" 





"President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

"Congratulations on a really great win! 

"Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!"





"Great Ratings &amp; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!"
"Great! 
"“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!"
"I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!"
"Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
"What is this all about? 
"...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
".@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment..."
"White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
"Happening fast! 
"I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami, as falsely reported by the Fake News @nytimes in order to stir up trouble. Ballroom is not nearly big enough &amp; would like to stay in N.C., whose gov. doesn’t even know if he can let people in? 
".@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform."
"Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?"
".@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!"
"Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!"
"Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing).  A TOTAL &amp; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
"“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow, and be safe! 

"Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” &amp; then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!"
"“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
"Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!"

"Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!"
"The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!"
"Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!"




"Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!"
"Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on @FoxNews!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! 
"....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!"
"When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so...."
"Thank you! #MAGA 
"My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!"

"Heading to New Hampshire!"
"Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!"
"Vote today, Tuesday, for highly respected Republican, Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime, loves your Military, Vets, Farmers, &amp; will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE! 
"WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!"
"These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!"
"No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States."
"Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?"
"Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!"
"Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!"
"....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!"
"The W.H.O. really blew it. For some reason, funded largely by the United States, yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?"
"There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged &amp; even illegally printed out &amp; fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone....."
"...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!"
"Landing in New Hampshire!"
"Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing). A TOTAL &amp; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
"The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!"
"Why didn’t the I.G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration (Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17,000 people died?), want to talk to the Admirals, Generals, V.P. &amp; others in charge, before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!"
"THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

"The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough"
"The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and..."


"Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
"Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!"
"Just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses &amp; the #PPPloan. I ask every company, big &amp; small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with #AmericaWorksTogether! 
"....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered &amp; obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?"
"The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe &amp; his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking...."
"As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again."


"Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S&amp;P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has started, ahead of schedule. There will be ups and downs, but next year will be one of the best ever!"
"New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice..."
"Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
"White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"We made most Governors look very good, even great, by getting them the Ventilators, unlimited Testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great, and I just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!"
"News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!"
"“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level"
"Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
"Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
"It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
"Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
"Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!"
"....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, China, but I acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that I was moving far to fast, like Crazy Nancy!"
"For all of the political hacks out there, if I hadn’t done my job well, &amp; early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!"
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Look forward to it."
"First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!"
"If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!"
"Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!"

"....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!"
"How brilliant are our FARMERS? Thank you @lgutwein99_31, real talent! #MAGA 
" 
"It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!"
"....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!"
"Didn’t Obama, whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia, despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?"
"NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York &amp; vividly remember the...."
"Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!"

"Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!"
"Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!"
"How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?"
"Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
"Thank you! 
"I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in USA history took place!"
"Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding."
"Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!"
"“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  Good news!"
"....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH, and I, as President, will not allow it to happen!"
".@Twitter is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post...."
".@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!"
"I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!"
"Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason,  doesn’t work out well for Republicans. @foxandfriends"
OBAMAGATE!
"Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!"

".@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov"
"Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!"
"Thank you Debbie! 
"Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!"
".@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!"

"Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner! 
"The Failing @nytimes, winner of @PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!"

"Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!"
"So great to see our Country starting to open up again! 
".@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!"
".@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!"
"Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!"
"...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, “Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale” type numbers (&amp; sadly, they get it $FREE). Trump Derangement Syndrome!"
"When are the Fake Journalists, who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. I’ll give you the names, there are plenty of them!"
"The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame....."
"Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the @simonschuster publication of your new book, “Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization”. Certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to Winston Churchill.  @NickAdamsinUSA"
"I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!"
"$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!"
"The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!"
"Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!"
"We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didn’t have a clue!"
"We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!"
"Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!"
"$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!"
"Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd."
"Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!"


"I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!"
"My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!"
"Thank you Mike! 
"FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!"
"Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
"Thank you! 

"True! 
"Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!"
"Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats &amp; the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!"
"Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always “Gets the Job Done”. #MAGA @foxandfriends"
"Great crowd, great people! 
"Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!"
"$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!"
"Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?"
"The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
"Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!"
"$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!"

"HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY!"
"Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!"
"News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!"

"Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister @NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!"
"Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 

"Bill is GREAT! 

"White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov"
"The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s....."
"Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!"
"HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

"Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world! 
".@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!"
"Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!"
"JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
"Fake News will never change! 
"....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!"

"Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!"
"The biggest political crime in American history, by far! 
"Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!"
"Esther is GREAT! 

"Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that...."
"Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
"Texas loves John! 
"Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020


"We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!"
"Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
"“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”"
"New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!"
"We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!"
"This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you! @DuPont_News @FedEx 
"I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
"...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!"
"Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC..."
"OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!"
"If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
"SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
"Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!"
"...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!"
"I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY..."
"We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!"
"Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!"
"Thank you to Eli Lake! 
".@OANN  A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!"
"We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!"
"The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, &amp; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors &amp; protect Preexisting C’s."
"I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind &amp; caring grandfather!"
"TRANSITION TO GREATNESS"
"On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit! 
"Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN"
"The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!"

"Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!"
"I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!"
"Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
"Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!"
"The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong, I was very fast, even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!"
"I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest"
"Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!"
"The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to @nytimes) &amp; is only way for me to escape the Fake News &amp; get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!"
"I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum"
"Thank you George! 
"Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!"
"Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!"
"....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!"


"Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

"The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!"
"Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
"Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!"
"Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity"
"Great News! 
"....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!"
"I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe...."
"I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
"If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!"
"WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!"
"More Fake News, this time from Jimmy Kimmel’s last place show! 
"Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!"
"Thank you to @NASA and @SpaceX for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!"
"Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
"I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!"
"Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
"Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
"Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
"If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor, I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!"
"The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!"
"About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!"
"Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
"....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to George’s family and friends. Justice will be served!"
"At my request, the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd...."
"Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 

"Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
"Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!"
"""He is arguably the greatest president in our history.” Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!"
@TuckerCarlson
"....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &amp; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing &amp; Able!@TuckerCarlson"
"Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State..."
".@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!"

"Thank you! 

"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!"

"...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
"State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam..."
"I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
"Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!"
"...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
"Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter"
"I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!"
"Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!"
"Wow, this is BIG! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &amp; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser"
"Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
"Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!"
"Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail   Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam!"
".@brianstelter is just a poor man’s lapdog for AT&amp;T! 
"Thank you Erin! 
"I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
"U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
"The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!"
"Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!"

"Who else gave the less than elite (We are the elite. We know how to WIN!) 260 great new Federal Judges, 2 SCJ’s, Low Taxes, biggest ever REG. CUTS, Rebuilt Military, Choice, saved 2A &amp; MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick. 
"Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!

"...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
"Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana..."
"Thank you Lou! 

"This book is a MUST BUY! 

"Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
"Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!"
"The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
"We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
"THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!

".....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!"
"Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,...."
"Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story! 
"....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!"
"He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
"Tim Scott is Great! 
"He looks better! 
"BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong &amp; powerful statements &amp; rulings on MONEY &amp; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made...."
"There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!"
"Actually, a must read. Really good! 
"...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots."
"We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge..."

"Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
".@CBS and their show, @60Minutes, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!"
"Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
"Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico! 
"NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs"
"Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
"Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 
"Thank you! 

"....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
"Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
"He got caught, OBAMAGATE! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"So terrible! 
"Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard! 
"Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
"Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
"Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
"...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
"Wow! 
"The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 

"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who..."
"The greatest political crime in USA History! 
"ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
"Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
"“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!"
"Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain."
"...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!"
"According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering..."
"Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 


"@USAttyHuber Whatever happen to John Huber?"
"So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

"Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!"
"Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &amp; more. Big Economic Bounceback!"
"The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!"
"This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!"
"More Fake News! 
"A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews"
"Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Airwaves = Fake News! @AjitPaiFCC  @FCC 
"Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
"....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
"Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!"
"“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!"
"Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &amp; more. Big Economic Bounceback!"
"Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!"
"So many different viewpoints! 
"Fake News! 
"Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs &amp; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!"
"Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!"
"Thank you! 
"Would be terrible for our Country! 
"Thank you. We will not let them down! 
"Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!"

"OBAMAGATE! 
"RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!"
"If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
"After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

"I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!"
"This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!"
"News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!"
"We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. To all of the families &amp; friends of those who have passed, I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy &amp; love for everything that these great people stood for &amp; represent. God be with you!"
"This is why it’s not really the Lamestream Media, it’s the Rigged Media....and it is what I’m up against. It was corrupt in 2016. Now it is much more corrupt, and what you are seeing is the least of it....but WE WILL WIN AGAIN! 
"The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
"My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves"
"Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!"

"HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
"We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!"
"All over the World the CoronaVirus, a very bad “gift” from China, marches on. Not good!"
"Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
"Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!"
"Voter Scam! 
"The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their..."
"Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines! 
"He should be FIRED by Concast. If done by a Republican, would be “prosecuted”. @AjitPaiFCC 
"Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen &amp; Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the U.S., the Russian Witch-Hunt. Fantastic Job!"
"Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
"Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &amp; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA"
"The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus. This week, I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August, so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts."


"Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!"
"Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!"
"I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon."
"@FCC  THIS IS A DISGRACE, EVEN WORSE THAN @NBC USUALLY IS, WHICH IS REALLY BAD. SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED! 
"So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid, there are examples, &amp; cases, all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted &amp; a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater @yoyoel"
"If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?"
"@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late."
"The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends"
"Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
"Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!)."
"Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
"Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
"Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!"
"“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
"Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96%. Thank you!"
"Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!"

"Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews!"
"I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
"Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 

"On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!"
"HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!"
"Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
"Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans, get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate, ASAP!"
"Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04"
"...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 

"The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!"
"Very exciting news for the Phoenix area—@USDOT is committing $100M to @valleymetro for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!"
".@USDOT is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi. Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida!"
"Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!"
"Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 

"But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 
"Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media), the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats &amp;, of course, the few remaining RINO’S, are doing everything in their power to disparage &amp; end them. The People’s Voice!"

"Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in @USDOT funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence."
"I’m excited to commit $100M to @MiamiDadeCounty, FL in @USDOT funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! Fast, safe, and beautiful infrastructure!"
"OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!"
"Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
"An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
"BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!"
".@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
"The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!"
"“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
"The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly, all over the USA, for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Don’t play politics. Be safe, move quickly!"
"I am proud to commit $60.9M in @USDOT funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany, NY area—more help coming to the people of New York! @CDTA"
"Indiana is set to receive $100M in @USDOT transit funds for the @southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. @GovHolcomb has worked very hard on this project!"
"I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!"
"Great! 
"Ogden, Utah, I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very important services for Utahans! @RideUTA"
".@USDOT is committing $99.95M to @PGHtransit in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!"
"MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99.99M in @USDOT funds to reduce delays in the Portland area, connect citizens to very important locations, and make transit GREAT! @trimet"
"...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
"If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
".@WashTimes  “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”"
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"

"I’m proud to commit $40.9M in @USDOT funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin! @RideMCTS"
"The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
"Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

"...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
"At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, &amp; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
"A great Scam against our Country! 
"Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
"Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier"

"Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE!  I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!"
"Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
"Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, &amp; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier"


"WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!"

"Because it was OBAMAGATE, and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
"...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America."
"No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of..."
"A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
"A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
".@Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. “We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr.”?"
"I will NEVER let you down! 
"MAIL-IN VOTING WILL LEAD TO MASSIVE FRAUD AND ABUSE. IT WILL ALSO LEAD TO THE END OF OUR GREAT REPUBLICAN PARTY. WE CAN NEVER LET THIS TRAGEDY BEFALL OUR NATION. BIG MAIL-IN VICTORY IN TEXAS COURT TODAY. CONGRATS!!!"

"THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. Sadly, our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT! 
"Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!"
"“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in North Dakota.” Jim on C Span, Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!"
"....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting starts, the shooting starts. Thank you!"
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!"

"Great! 
"I can’t stand back &amp; watch this happen to a great American City, Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor, Jacob Frey, get his act together and bring the City under control, or I will send in the National Guard &amp; get the job done right....."
"....economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion.” MACK MCLARTY, Clinton White House Chief of Staff. @LelandVittert @FoxNews Thank you Mack. We will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!"
"“I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the...."
"Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (@SupportFortNE) is a great advocate for Nebraska. He fights for Farmers, Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military. Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE01 
"Congressman @DonJBacon is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General, and now he serves our Vets, Farmers, and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment. Don has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #NE02 
"Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!"
"Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies &amp; propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party. They have targeted Republicans, Conservatives &amp; the President of the United States. Section 230 should be revoked by Congress. Until then, it will be regulated!"
"The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!"
"I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! 
"Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
"When the Failing @nytimes or Amazon @washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said”, or any such phrase where a person’s  name is not used, don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame &amp; disparage. They have no “source”..."
"Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska. He fights for your Second Amendment, defends our Borders, strengthens our Military and loves our Vets! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE03 
"The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!"
"“The President has been targeted by Twitter.” @MariaBartiromo  What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff, and so many others, on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus, Plus, Plus? What about China’s propaganda? WHO’s mistakes? No flags?  @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 

".@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!"
"On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men &amp; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &amp; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
"....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS."
"So terrible! 
"“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead"

"“Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech.” @JudgeJeanine @foxandfriends  Well, as they have just proven conclusively, that’s what they are doing. Repeal Section 230!!!"
"Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
"WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!"
"...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
"Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
"Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me..."
"Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!"
CHINA!
"Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor @robertjeffress at  Church in Dallas, Texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 AM Eastern. 
"“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci"
"Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!"
"Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Michael knows!!! 

"Great editorial by @SenRonJohnson! 
"The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!"
"Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets...."
"....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
"“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported, they (the opposition) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. I think they are (Press Conferences) wonderful.” West Virginia Resident, C Span"
"Thank you James! 
"Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
"The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!"
"Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military &amp; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
"See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

"Watching @FoxNews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like @OANN."
"Thank you Franklin! 
"REVOKE 230!"
".@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
"Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 
"I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER! 
"So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!"

"....It was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. It’s very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!"
"Looting leads to shooting, and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I don’t want this to happen, and that’s what the expression put out last night means...."
"Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
"So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!"
"Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!"


"Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
"Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
"Governor @GavinNewsom of California has been very nice &amp;  highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for California. That is the good news, but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems, MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?"
"OBAMAGATE! 
".....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!"
"I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent....."

"...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
"So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!"
"....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???"
"Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News....."
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

"Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!"

"Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…"
"Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews! 
"Interestingly! 
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
"There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!"
"...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing..."
"Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
"Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!"
"....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!"
"We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give...."
"Happy #RoshHashanah 
"Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
".@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews"
"On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
"For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
"Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!!!"
"Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
"Time for a change! #2020 
"Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 

"We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
"Cryin’Chuck doesn’t have a clue. Couldn’t care less about the American Worker! 
"Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
"Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!"
"This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
"....good practice.” As you saw last night, they were very cool &amp; very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, @MurielBowser, who is always looking for money &amp; help, wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!"
"....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, I have ever seen. That’s when people would have been really badly hurt, at least. Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action. “We put the young ones on the front line, sir, they love it, and...."
"...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!"
"Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash..."
"...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
"Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
"The Lamestream Media is truly out of control. Look how they work (conspire!) together. They are the Enemy of the People, but don’t worry, we will WIN in November! 
"Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
"Great job last night at the White House by the U.S. @SecretService. They were not only totally professional, but very cool. I was inside, watched every move, and couldn’t have felt more safe. They let the “protesters” scream &amp; rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone...."
"...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands."
"Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded..."
"Then we must be very careful. Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster, and the USA will never be a Communist Country! 
"....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard - didn’t know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. Big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would...."
"They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???"
"Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
"A great time to have strong Borders, and we now have the strongest Borders in our history. 182 miles of Border Wall already built! Dems want Open Borders, let EVERYONE IN. No thanks! 
"They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???"
"....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
"Fake Journalists! 

"The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???"
"Would lead to disaster! 
"Big news! 
"These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!"
".@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!"
"HAPPY EASTER! 
"Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). STRENGTH!"
"Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!"
"A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC &amp; State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!"
"Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!"
"OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time! 
"Ratings way down, show sucks! 
"Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!"
"It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!"
"This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor. What a man! 
"It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!"
"Great businessman &amp; philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer"
"When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isn’t it obvious? What’s happening now? A total nut job!"

"Here we go again. Fake News @CNN is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?"
"I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???"
"A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
"Great businessman &amp; philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
 


"Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!"

"Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!"
"The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs &amp; Trade are losers for the U.S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards,  we’d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!"
"Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!"

"YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 

"Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!"
"On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
"I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!"
"The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911"
"It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
"I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?"
"Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
"Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!"



"What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!"
"Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!"
"Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!"
"Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?"
"Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!"
"VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!"
"For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!"
"Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds."
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families."
"...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
"Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!"

".@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!"
"The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!"
"Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!"
"Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?  @FoxNews  @OANN"
".@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!"
"Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!"

"More than all other countries together! 
"Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on @FoxNews. I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press(please!), or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to @FoxNews. It’s a whole new ballgame over there!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!"
"Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!"
"If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat,” then why did Media &amp; Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said “early &amp; not necessary.” Corrupt Media!"
"Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo &amp; @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!"
"Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!"
"Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!"
"No thanks! 
"Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 

"Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!"
"SAVE THE POST OFFICE!"
"The Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. “Whether he is right or wrong, it doesn’t matter. Criticize ’Trump’ for everything, and don’t let the public see Biden. Hide him.”"
"....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!"
"Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both...."
"Governors, get your states testing programs &amp; apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!"
"96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. THANK YOU! We will win against a tired, exhausted man, Sleepy Joe Biden, in November."
"Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!"
"It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!"
"MN Gov. Walz: We Estimate 80% of the Rioters Are from out of State  via @BreitbartNews"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!"
"Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!"
"TRANSITION TO GREATNESS"
"Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
"New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!"
"Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
"What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
"This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
"Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!"
"The American People are WARRIORS!"




"The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have been used 2 days ago &amp; there would not have been damage &amp; Police Headquarters would not have been taken over &amp; ruined. Great job by the National Guard. No games!"
"A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!"
"Our Testing is the BEST in the World, by FAR! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country, which wants to open and get going again. It is happening, safely!"
"Fake News! 
"“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!"
"So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly, pundits &amp; consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges, rebuilt Military, 2A, great V.A. Low Taxes, etc. Just don’t like that I beat them!"
"Great! 
"Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest. There is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!"
"If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!"

"Remember this, every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus, and I am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing, we made it happen!"
"Fake News! 
"I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!"
"Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!"
"Sorry Fake News, it’s all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you @OANN 
"Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!"

"Looking forward to being in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Thursday. I love the State, and for very good reason!"
"Thank you! 
"The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!"
"Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!"
".....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!"

".....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release...."

"Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis, Minnesota, last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!"
"A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry"
"Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
"Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels. Our great Energy Companies, with millions of JOBS, are starting to look very good again. At the same time, gasoline prices at record lows (like a big Tax Cut). The BEST of all Worlds. “Transition To Greatness”"
"New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!)."
"My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity"
"The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes &amp; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &amp; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation &amp; tax credits....."
"If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!

"“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
"The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!"
"Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job, and should be used in other States before it is too late!"
"California should let Tesla &amp; @elonmusk open the plant, NOW. It can be done Fast &amp; Safely!"
"Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?"

"NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!"
"As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates, the USA should also accept the “GIFT”. Big numbers!"
"The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization."
"Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!"
"Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!"
"The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!"
"Great going Natalie! 
"The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!"
"Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!"
"Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!"
"The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
"...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews"
"“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis..."
"The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs"
"I gave no choice! 
"Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!"
"Law &amp; Order in Philadelphia, NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did (thank you President Trump) last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!"
"Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin, and the United States. Congratulations!"
"SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!"
"I look forward to it also! 
"Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!"
"The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!"
"Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!"

"STRENGTH! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Shifty Schiff exposed! 
"People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
"BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!)."
"Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
"Thank you! 
"SO TERRIBLE! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences? 
"Fake @PulitzerPrizes must be taken back. These “journalists” got everything wrong. Give them to the real journalists who got it right! 
"....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it...."
"SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!"
"Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!"
" 

"Thank you Paris! 

"Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 

"Women for Trump co-chair: Biden might not be 'ultimate nominee,' and Dems engaging in 'elder abuse' 
"Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Our National Guard stopped them cold last night. Should have been called up sooner! 
"Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"



"“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!"
"If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

"WOW! 
"Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia, taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also, Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!"
" 
"@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres."

"I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
"The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and @PeterNavarroUSA memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
"Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor...."
"The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!"
"I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy, the hard part is WHY?"
"“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion.” Wall Street Journal"
"Thank you. Will never let you down! 
"The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews"
"Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
"The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!"
"FAKE NEWS!"
"Does anybody believe this man? Caught! 
"“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews"
"....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!"
"Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &amp;  unenthusiastic endorsement....."
"....disaster, the Energy Industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia."
"Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
"Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!"
"Obama was always wrong! 
"Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!"
"Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
"Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens, and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19....."
"“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!"
"He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
"The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!"
"Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!"
"Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
"....It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shortly!"
"For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States &amp; the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect...."
"“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends"
"“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!"
"Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!"
"I agree 100%. 
"White House news conference today at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

"First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way I can reach the American People, as seen in the below poll. 
"When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?"
"A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
"MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
"Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"NOVEMBER 3RD."

"My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!"
"As I have said for a long time, dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal, the ink was barely dry, and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!"
"People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!"
"We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels"
"...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!"
"I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW &amp; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped..."
"Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!"
"“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
"THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! #MAGA 
"Rigged Election! 
"Anarchists, we see you! 
"Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill  via @politico"
"In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!"
"Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!"

"First time in 22 years. Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN! 
"I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!"
"I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!"
"Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
"On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
"GIANT RED WAVE COMING!"

"The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!"
"100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
"Proud of Mike! 
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
"Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!"
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 


"I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
"....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!"
"I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response."
OBAMAGATE!
"Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 


"This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
"THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!"
"The Great State of Wisconsin, home to Tom Tiffany’s big Congressional Victory on Tuesday, was just given another win. Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open. The people want to get on with their lives. The place is bustling!"
"The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
"SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?"
"THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 

"...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!"
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
"I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!"
"Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
"I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!"

"YES! 
"22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California &amp; Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!"
"In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand..."
"Their minds are gone!!! 
"Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers &amp; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election."
"The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!"
"The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!"
"Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising, before end of year. Likewise, other solutions!"
"If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!"
"Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!"
"Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!"
"Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy &amp; Jobs) &amp; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!"

"Cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!"
"..The people of Portland, like all other cities &amp;  parts of our great Country, want Law &amp; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!"
".@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!"
"This love of Country went all over. They hate Fake News, and so do I! 
"If I were a Senator or Congressman, the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA, by FAR, is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it @LindseyGrahamSC, just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!"
"GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!"
"Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!"
"....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!"
"Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE....."
"I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3.9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! Spend it wisely! @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor"
" 
"Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!"
"Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period..."

"THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

"Rest In Peace Jay! 
"....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!"
"When Joe Biden was VP...
"My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean &amp; Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized! 
" 
"White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!"
"When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!"

"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!"
"People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!"

"On my way to PENNSYLVANIA! 

"“The Art of an Oil Deal” 
"“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!"

"Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
"PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!"

"We catch them all! 
"The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!"

"On my way, see you soon! 
"It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!"
"Great! 
"Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!"
"100% True! 
"Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!"

"Great! 
"Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, @SenatorTimScott just released a fantastic new book, “OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS: How Hard Work, Community, and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty.” Get your copy today! 

"Can’t let this happen! 
"Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!"
"....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given..."
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"

"#ThanksForDelivering @UPS! 
"We are! 
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."

"Just landed in Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! 

"My condolences to the Steinbrenner family, and the entire @Yankees Organization, on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all! 





"I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader."
"Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
"Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 

"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! #MAGA"
"Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!"
"....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!"



"Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
"White House news conference today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given..."



"....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything...."
"We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear...."
"The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!"



"Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

"I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA."
"POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
"She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 
"Great work @Owens_Minor! On behalf of the American People, THANK YOU!  


".@OANN Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in North Carolina, and a seven point lead over (Sleepy) Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates, including @SenThomTillis, who has a 4% lead over his Democrat rival.”"
"True! 
"Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

"At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!"
"Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA"
"Crazy “Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself.” @seanhannity She is totally incompetent &amp; controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!"
"Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 


"...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?"
"Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us....."
"Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! Support Refilling PPP NOW – it is out of funds!"
"There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
"#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

"Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
"Big win Matt! 
"Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 

"Major News Conference tonight, the White House at 6:00 P.M. (Eastern), to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!"
"Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
"“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller"
"Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!"
"President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!"


"Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA. Based on her statement, she is responsible for many deaths. She’s an incompetent, third-rate politician! 
"Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.

Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.

FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.

Apply for yours in FL today:  
"Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends"
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
 
"Thank you Mark! 
"The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!"
"Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!"
"David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

"Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!"
"Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!"
"Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
"Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!"
"THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS! 

"The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

"Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
"Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
"....in January and February, as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen, Hoover Institution Fellow @FoxNews"
"Thanks. You are very cool! 
"Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
"“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends"
"....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?"
"Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election...."
"Why did the W.H.O. Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans? Why did the W.H.O. make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading...."
"Thank you. My great honor! 
"Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
"On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
"Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
"THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!"
"IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!"
"The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
"Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America. End your ENDLESS VACATION!"
"With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!"
"...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!"
"... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!"
"Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status..."
"A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business..."
"LIBERATE MINNESOTA!"
"On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
"Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)."
"Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

"Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &amp; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr"
"LIBERATE MICHIGAN!"
"With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020"
"Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"
"Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 
"LIBERATE VIRGINIA, and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!"

"Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on Madison Avenue (Ad Agencies). There is nobody like you!"

"D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!)."
"Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted! #OBAMAGATE"
"....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, &amp; these great men &amp; women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!"
"Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use, gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with...."
"Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!"


"I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 

"Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
"Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!"
"Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02"
"Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

"GREAT! 
"“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
"Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
"I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
"Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

"It’s about time! 
"....spews lies. @60Minutes report was incorrect, which they couldn’t care less about. Fake News! I don’t know this guy, never met him, but don’t like what I see. How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow &amp; report to @SecAzar, his boss, after trashing him on T.V.?...."
"China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!"
" 

"Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
"Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
"Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01"
"I LOVE @GoyaFoods!"
"The States have to step up their TESTING!"

"With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
"Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators”. We gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!"
"“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox"
"Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
"Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

"“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan"
"See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
"White House news conference today at 6:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!"
"Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
"Thank you to @foxandfriends for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States, OBAMAGATE. Fake News @CNN and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do...."
"HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"Great book! 
"Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!"
"....Likewise, the @nytimes and @washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News, and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding, and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”."
"WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?"
"The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 

"I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &amp; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!"
"BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???"
"Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 
"Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
"I am proud to announce that @NJTransit will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together, we will prevail!"
"Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
"Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!"
"Chicago’s @CTA has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!"
"The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
"Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
"Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!"
"John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
"My great honor!!! 
"NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!"
"Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
"SILENT MAJORITY!"
"Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
"They are Fake News Losers! 
"It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!"
"White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!"
"Great book. Get it and support Charlie! 
"New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC"
"Today I was presented with the brand new @SpaceForceDoD flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the @WhiteHouse! 
"I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and @narendramodi during this pandemic. We’re also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!"
"Bay of Pigs Veterans &amp; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!"
"Cut him off now! 
"Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
"They would own our Country! 
"Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you! #MAGA 
"Rigged Election? 
"Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!"
"Lamestream Media is only getting worse! 
"Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
"Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!"
"....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice &amp; harm. I hope you are listening @SenSusanCollins  I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!"
"Thank you so much! 
"...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"

"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…"
"Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law &amp; Order! 
"Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
"Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
"Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, &amp; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!"
"This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC! 


"This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
"This is a disgraceful situation! 
"True, except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! 
"Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
"An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington &amp; take care of our great American workers. 
"This is unbelievable! 
"MAGA crowds are bigger than ever! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!"
"Spending the morning speaking to @fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!"
"That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
"Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!"
"Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!"
"“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
"“FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL!”

"RT @realDonaldTrump: 
"Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!"
"Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!"
"The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!"
"Another Fake Whistleblower. Republicans must do something about these terrible people, and now! 
"Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!"
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!"



"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new &amp; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, &amp; much more!"
"...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention."
"...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of..."
"2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!"
"...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
"Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
"Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!"
"THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
"Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!"
"Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!"
"I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
"So cute! 
"My Hero. New York’s Finest! 
"Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me &amp; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER &amp; SAFETY!"

"When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!"
"We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
"Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and..."

"I’ll do it again! 
"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
"Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!"
"Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
"Bring back Steele!!! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 

"Hello to India! 
"You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
"Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!"
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!"
"Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your #2A, and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
"Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!"
"Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?"
" 
"So true! 
"Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
"Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
"Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
"New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!"

"New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN"
"Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
"Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!"
"THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!

"Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!"
"John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan! 
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


"The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"Happy Birthday Tom! 
"Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!"
"So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?"

"Florida looking good!"
"I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!"
"I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
"Really nice to see this and, what a great pick! 
"Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!"
"AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
"So true! 
"North Carolina looking good! See you later."
"The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!"
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!"
"What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!"
"They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!"
"Thank you Ari! 
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"Thank you @Honeywell, great job! 
"Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!"

"Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"Great news, thank you! 
"2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!"
"....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made...."
"No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats, no matter how GREAT a job you are doing, they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different, but it’s not. In fact, it’s even worse..."
" 
"To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???"
"Thank you, I will never let you down! 

"The Radical Left is in total command &amp; control of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google. The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation. Stay tuned, and send names &amp; events. Thank you Michelle! 
"....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!"

"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews"
"Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?"
"My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45"
"“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.” @LisaMarieBoothe @ffweekend"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!"
"Thank you! 

"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
"She’s always been terrible &amp; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
"Thank you Michele! 
".@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!"
"Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!"
"On my way to North Carolina! 
"After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!"
"Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!"
"Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
"‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
"I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!"
"Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
"Up BIG in South Carolina!"
".@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!"

"Lou, this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years, matching much lower China payments. Have not made final decision. All funds are frozen. Thanks! 
"I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies! 
"It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 

"....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!"
".....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives...."
"Biden is a National Security threat! 
"Mexico must take control of this very big problem! 
"We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
"Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &amp; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, &amp; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &amp; IS COUNTED, SIGN &amp; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,.."
"In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!"
"95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. 51% Plus, overall. But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media. Always hearing bad, made up numbers on how badly I’m doing. Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT! 
"Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!"

"Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
"Get tough police! 
"Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!"

"We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!"
"China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE! 

"We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response, making all Governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s OK), but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative, and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump”. I made everybody look good, but me!"
"I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer...."
"...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!"
"The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?"
"People can’t get enough of this. Great people! 
"Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends"
"The National Guard is ready! 
"Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (Eastern) watching @jackngraham from @Prestonwood Baptist in Dallas, Texas. You can join us at  
"We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
"Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, &amp; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to...."
"Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?"
"Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA"
"...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
"Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”..."
"Great new book out by @realKTMcFarland, “Revolution: Trump, Washington, and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
"No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!"
"Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!"
"Is the NFL watching? 
"Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!"
"Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!"
"I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
"CONGRATULATIONS @AF_Academy! 
"America is proud of Ron Johnson. He never gives up! 
"The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!"
"Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1% Joe? I’m running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats &amp; their partner, the real opposition party, the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious &amp; crazy, but we will WIN! 
"Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!"
"Look forward to this! 
"One of a kind! 
"Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!"
"The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
"The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!"
"Thank you!!! 
"The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA"
"Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!"
"Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!"
"Great credit must be given to @FEMA and all of those that are helping our States make it big! 
"Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
"Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!"
"Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
"Amazing! 
"In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!"
"Very proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!"
"“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends"
"Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!"
"Thank you Paul! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
"Thank you. United We Stand! 
"Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!"
"Really sad, but even “sadder”, watch flunky @Lawrence CRY when I whipped his mind &amp; he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees. Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough (bad ratings) beat him up, on air, unmercifully. Find tapes &amp; play (5 years back?). 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Just like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the “King of Ventilators”, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!"
"Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam...."
"Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!"
"Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!"
"....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!"
"Nervous Nancy is an inherently “dumb” person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as “Speaker”. Wallace &amp; @FoxNews are on a bad path, watch! 
"This is true. I say it all the time. The Republicans must play by the same rules, or die! Wow Mollie, you are good. 
"So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!"
"Mitch, I love you, but this is 100% true. Time is running out. Get tough and move quickly, or it will be too late. The Dems are vicious, but got caught. They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country. Don’t let them get away with this! @LindseyGrahamSC 
"If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!"
"THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 

"GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
"THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon! #MAGA 
"The Silent Majority will reign!"
"We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
"In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with..."

"....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &amp; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!"
"..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called.."
"I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our...."
".@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
"Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
"We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law &amp; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 


"The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!"
"....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above."
"Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!"

"Terrible! 
"“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
"Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI"
"The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 

"The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 


OBAMAGATE!
"I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  


"Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!"
"Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
"....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible."
"Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!"
"Thank you! 
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed it to “Mad Dog”..."
"The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!"
"THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA 
 
"THANK YOU NEVADA! 
"Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!"
"Doing a GREAT job! 
".....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States, and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China, our Economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, EVER. We will be there again, and soon!"
"A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!"
"...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!"
"Probably the only thing Barack Obama &amp; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, &amp; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, &amp; changed to “Mad Dog”..."
"Why is it that China, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization, The United Nations and, worst of all, The World Trade Organization, where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and..."
"...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!"
"Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward..."

"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews. Thank you!"
"I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!"
".@FoxNews “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly”, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it’s about lives &amp;  the future of our Country!"
".@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
"One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%."
"Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!"

"Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews"
"Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
"Great Rally and fantastic job on @ffweekend this morning. It is all happening! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!"
"Great book by @SenatorTimScott! 
"....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!"
"The Economy is coming back fast! 
"“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words weren’t said: Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!” @BretBaier"
"Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!"
"So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!"
"Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also, a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown...."
"They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
"Thank you to my boy! 
"These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends"

"Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!"
"A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 
"White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!"

"FBI &amp; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!"
"Doing REALLY well, medically, on solving the CoronaVirus situation (Plague!). It will happen!"
"Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
"Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
"The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!"
"Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! #MAGA 
"Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!"
"BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! @RepDanCrenshaw 
"“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware."

"RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!"
"Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse &amp; Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon."
"Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?"


"Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster! 
"Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN"

"Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!"
"Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today! 
"The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!"
"Received a very nice call from @GovTimWalz of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!"
"Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!"
"The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican...."
"Fake Journalism. So bad for our Country! 
"...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!"
"... “Testing, Testing, Testing,” again playing a very dangerous political game. States, not the Federal Government, should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!"
"Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!"
"Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews"
"Last month all you heard from the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats was, “Ventilators, Ventilators, Ventilators.” They screamed it loud &amp; clear, &amp; thought they had us cold, even though it was the State’s task. But everyone got their V’s, with many to spare. Now they scream...."
"Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
"Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!"
"A great guy, a great book! 
"Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt. The people understand! 
"The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
"Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”."
"First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews"
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!"
"Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
"Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
"Continued... 

"Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You &amp; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!"

"YES! 
"Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets...."
"....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
"Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
"PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 


"Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd."
"Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!"
".@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman (#CA25). Loves our Military, and Vets..."
"...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement. 
"FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"A CNN Faker! 
"The most incompetent and corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
"Great Alan. They are Fake News! 
"Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  


"They, and the Lamestream Media (including Jake), have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me. They got caught! 
"A GREAT WIN! 
"Caught! 
"GOD BLESS THE USA! 
"Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
"I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James! 
"Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!"
"Nasty! 
"Watch @marklevinshow tonight on @FoxNews. He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something."
"Nice flag! 
"This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
"Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews"
"Unfair! 
"100% correct! 
"“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!"
"Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!"
"Thank you Matt! 
"So true! 
"Great job Peter! 
"Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!"
"Good work Ted! 
"Enjoy the campaign Joe! 
".@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!"
"Section 230! 
"Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!"

"88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends"
"PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

"Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
"96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!"
"You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge.."
"Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

"Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn’t worth the effort, his mind is shot!"
"Great News on Vaccines!"

"It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I’m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!"
"Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!"

"I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , @nytimes) but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!"
"The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"

"Interesting! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic."
"Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!"


"We will never let the great U.S. Oil &amp; Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!"
"Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran"


"سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید"



"Thank you @HerschelWalker! 

"No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 


"....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?"
"....to State/Local Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19, much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges, Tunnels, Broadband, Tax Incentives for Restaurants, Entertainment, Sports, and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth."
"So many people hurt! 
"Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 



"I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief...."
"How are they doing together? 
"Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!"

"Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 




"Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice, Tom Homan: “Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis.” Great guy, get your copy today! 

"True! 

"Not any more! 
"Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends"

"The Fake Newspaper! 
"...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!"


"I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the..."
"...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon..."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"


"Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole “endowment” system should be looked at! 

"THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
"Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!"
"If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


"Disgraceful! 

"It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
"Thank you! 

"Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”."

"Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!"
"17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
"Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!"


"“Economic impact of Covid-19.” @foxandfriends Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!"


"Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities..."
"Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
"If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
"I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

"I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall &amp; 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!"
"Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets &amp; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11"



"....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance."
"I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon...."
"Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!"

"Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
"Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!"
"This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 

"States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors (except me!). Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!"


"I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea."
"Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!"
"The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER"
"Should be arrested on the spot! 
"For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent &amp; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!"
"...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!"
"Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading, and the Fake News loves it! 
"YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!"
"I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME..."
"...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!"
"Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS..."
"CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News @CNN on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement."
"I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
"Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
"I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!"
"...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request."
"We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago..."
"...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom"
"Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it..."
"The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 


"“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

" 

"The American people want LAW &amp; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!"


"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!"

"...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!"
"John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not..."
"The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!"
"THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 

"“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!"
".@foxandfriends  We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all! 
"In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support."
"80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!"
"....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!"
"....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will.."
"....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!"
"....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my...."
"...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!"
"Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else..."
"Thank you to Harvard and all others! 
"Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard...."
"I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which"
"Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama &amp; Biden didn’t even try to do - &amp; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!"
"Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!"
"“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

"Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA."
"Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!"
"Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!"
"A must watch! 
"We did it once, we will quickly do it a second time! 
"Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 


"Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus! 

"Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
"Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!"
"Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW &amp; ORDER! There go the Suburbs."
"So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
"The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 





"Fully signed and ready to go! 
"100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!"
"Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 




"Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?"
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!"


"Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!"
"I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!"
"....Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Congressman Bill Johnson (@JohnsonLeads) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment...."

"Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?"
"Congressman Warren Davidson (@Vote_Davidson) is working very hard for the people of Ohio! He’s a strong supporter of our Military, Vets, Second Amendment, and #MAGA Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

"These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
"THANK YOU! #MAGA 
"....He’s 100% pro-life, strong on #2A and Loves our Military and Vets. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

"We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
"Congressman John Curtis (@CurtisUT) gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses, will Lower your Taxes, and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"Congressman Chris Stewart (@StewartforUtah) is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force, and has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda...."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!"

"....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"Lunacy! 

"Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes (@SeanReyesUT) is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Law Enforcement...."
"Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!"

" 
"Congressman @BradWenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!



" 
"Congressman @Troy_Balderson is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your #2A, Defend our Borders, and Support Small Business – a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

"Congressman @MikeTurnerOH is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us #MAGA! He’s Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, will Protect our Vets, and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 


"Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!"
"A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!"

"Congressman @SteveStivers is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders, Supports our Veterans, Strong on Crime, and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Great job Tammy! 

"Thank you! 
"Great going Brad! 
"Governor @JimJusticeWV is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!"

"Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party! 

"Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 



"Important news! 
"Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family."


"Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!"
"Great going Mike! 


"Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews"
"Thank you! 



"The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She’s smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many! 

"@RussVought45 @MarkMeadows @USTreasury"
"Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!"
"Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!"
"A so-called peaceful protest! 
"Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Eection. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!..."
"Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!"
"Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!"
"Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m"
"Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse! #MAGA 

"...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!"
"We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)..."
"Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!"
"Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!"

"I (or @VP) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, &amp; barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (&amp; USA)!"
"We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!"
"Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!"

"Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT&amp;T, which owns and presides over Fake News @CNN, is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!"
"The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!"
"Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!"

"Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!"


"Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life."
"Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing."
"10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!"
"So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!"



"I’m used to it! 


"Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?"
"Congratulations Allen, great job! 
"Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!"
"True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!"


"Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
"No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
"We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
"Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!"
"I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!"
"Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!"


"Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!"
"Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!"
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!"



"You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!"
"Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!"
"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends"


"Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!"

"Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!"
"Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNews"
"Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION"




"Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA"

".@TripleH is a total winner! 

"Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardner"
"Many testing sites are, and have been, open &amp; available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Don’t believe the Fake News! 
"Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!"


"I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo"

"Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!.."
"We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!"
"The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 

"I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House."
"Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 


"Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!"

"Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!"
"Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
"Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!"
"Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!"
"It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC"
"OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!"
"It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!"

"It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC"
"I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
"We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!"
"The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, &amp; will be a “Miracle” end!"
"Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
"Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking &amp; asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. &amp; the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt &amp; sick!"
"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!"
"Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
"Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
"What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, &amp; then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, &amp; the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time &amp; effort!"
"Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!"
"Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!"
"I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out &amp; embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!"
"“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!"
"Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
"Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by @CardinalDolan at St. Patrick’s Cathedral (@StPatsNYC) in New York City. Join me:  
"LIAR!!! 
"Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
"Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?"
"Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 
"Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!"

"I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
"Thank you so much! 
".@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @stpatrickscath!"
"...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!"
"John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
".@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!"
"This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
"....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &amp; read &amp; see that I am angrily eating a hamberger &amp; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!"
"I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work....."
"The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment..."
"The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!"
"....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &amp; read &amp; see that I am angrily eating a hamburger &amp; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!"
"I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work...."

"....Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!"
"....to the REAL REPORTERS &amp; JOURNALISTS who got it right. I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list. When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back, especially since they were gotten under fraud? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along...."
"...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!"
"When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong (and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes), be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given...."
"I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"

"....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews, in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!"
"....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”...."

"I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..."
".@FoxNews just doesn’t get what’s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News @CNN &amp; MSDNC wouldn’t let @FoxNews participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates....."
".@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!"
"I want to defend &amp; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops &amp; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
"Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?"
"So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!"
"Reports that H.H.S. Secretary @AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos &amp; havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!"
"Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!"
"Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?"
"Laura, just another Fake News Report! 
"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!"
"Great! 
"Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!"
"They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., &amp; I will be there! 
"Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!"
"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!"
"No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
"They are one of the worst in the “news” business. Total slime balls! 
"What a fantastic group! 
"“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!"
"Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!"
"IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!"
"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!"
"Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
"Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!"
"STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!"
"THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!"
"Great! 
"Great! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!"
"RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!"
"Thank you Boris, working great together! 
"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!"
"Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
"401(K). VOTE!"
"American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN. 
"You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!"
"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!"
"We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!"
"Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!"
"We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
"PRO LIFE! VOTE!"
"The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!"
"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!"
"Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!"
"Rigged Election! 
"The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!"
"White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!"
"FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!"
"SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!"
"Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!"
"WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
"TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

"So true! 

"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews"
"Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers."
"It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!"
"There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!"
"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN"
"I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!"
"Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!"
"Thank you! 
"Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
"FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?"
"I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”."
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!"
"Thank you Natalie! 
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!"
"Congratulations @JimRyun!  
"Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged &amp; sick they all are! 
"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls."

"If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh."
"Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!"

"Crazy! 

"“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!"
"His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
"As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
"Because Shifty is a crooked politician! 
"Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
"True! 
"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!"
"“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an...."
"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!"
"New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!"
"Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!"
"The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!"
"Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!"
"Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &amp; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!"
"We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!"
"The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA"

"My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!"
"Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!"
"Many States moving to SAFELY &amp; QUICKLY reopen!"
"Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!"
"FEELING GREAT!"
"Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by @GregAbbott_TX"
"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"
"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 

"But I love Diamond &amp; Silk, and so do millions of people! 
"Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!"
"....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!"
"Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
"Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016...."

"THANK YOU! 
"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!"

"On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


"...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!"
"Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars....."
"Thank you @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! #AmericaStrong  
"The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!"
"Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!"

"Wow! 
"Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!"

"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"REPEAL SECTION 230!!!"
"The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!"
"Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!"
"Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!"
" 
"...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!"
".@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!"
"...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment..."
"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their..."
"Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked..."

"I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!"
"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left."
"How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!"
"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!"
"True! 
"@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!"
"Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!"
"Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
"Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!"
"Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!"
"....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!"
"One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you...."
"At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!"
"My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 


"Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 




"Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Thank you Jon! 
"Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!"
" 
"Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military &amp; Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #SC02 
"This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!"
"I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &amp; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
"Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"
"Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

"Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

"Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
"Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA"
"Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 


"Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
"Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
"It will be fast and easy! 
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!"
"Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA"
".@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!"
"The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."
"Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
"Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
"So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
"Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
"...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

".@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment..."
"Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
"There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!"
"The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!"
"Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
"Great new book by Sarah! 
"Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!"
"New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA"
"“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost"
"All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!"
"Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina! #MAGA 
"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!"
"The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!"

"The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
"I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!"
"Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
"Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!"
"A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
"A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
".@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
"We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
"If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!"
"Nice! 
"Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked."
"So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
"Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
"Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?"
"Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
"Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
"He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
"Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!"
"Wow! 
"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!"
"CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!"
"The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!"
"Great book! 
"The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!"
"11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!"
"We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!"
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!"
"Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!"
"If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer"
"Thank you! 
"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost"
"...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
"Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
"Thank you Mark! 
"I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 

"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated..."
"Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book, go out and give it a try!"



"Wow! 
"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends"
"Where is JUSTICE? 
"Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
"Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 


"DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


"...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan"
"Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
"Great to be in Texas!"
"Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
"Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
"A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House."
".@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov"
"Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
"Proud of you Natalie! 
" 
"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!"
"Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
"True! 
"Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!"
"Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?"
"...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!"
"The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan..."
"Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

"...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!"
"Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?"
"Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!"
"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it..."
"On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true..."
"Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!"
"Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!"
"These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
"She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
"Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ"
"...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!"
"Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs..."
".@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!"
"For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!"
"Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!"
"With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???"
"THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!"
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!"

"Minnesota needs DJT &amp; @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
"Thank you @LouDobbs! 
"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!"

"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco"
"Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
"...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off..."
"Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
"Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX &amp; @KristinBTate! 
"Thank you Heather! 
"LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
"VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 

"Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!)."
"Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
"You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
"We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA"
"Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
"Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!"


"Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
"Thank you! 
"As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
"My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐 
"He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
"Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!"
"Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
"No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
"Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 

"Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.."
".....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!"
"Your mother is GREAT! 
"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov"
"Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!"
"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
"So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!"
"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

"Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
"THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!"
"....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!"
"The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who..."
"One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!"
"Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
"Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!"

"Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!"
"Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!"
"Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!"
"The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!"
"I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 

"“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"
"I’m with you all the way, thank you!

"We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!"
"New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 


"Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine."
"Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern."
"“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!"

"Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!"
"Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
"....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!"
"Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would...."
"Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!"
"Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."
"“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
"I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
"Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...

“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
"A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
"Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 


"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!"


".@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
"Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
" 
"Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
"2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as ""TOP COP.”  
"Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
".@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
".@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 

"Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
"Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!"
"Mike Pence WON BIG!"

"Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
"Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA

"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!"
"Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 

"Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 


"When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!"
"Great going to a very talented group! 

"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
"Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA"
"Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
"...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!"
"On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay..."
"If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!"
"The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!"
"I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
"TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!"
"Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!"
"#NeverForget #September11 
"In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
"LAW &amp; ORDER!"
"Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!"
"Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!"
"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!"
"Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 

"BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!"
"I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!"
"Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!"
"Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!"
"Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
"I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
"If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!"
" 
"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!"
"I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood..."
" 
"...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!"
"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did..."
"Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

"Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg"
"Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!"
"I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!"
"I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!"
"Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
"THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
"...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!"
"Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
"""What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?"" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
"If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor..."
"Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!"
"...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!"
"This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
"I love Colorado! 
"The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!"
"Really Sad! 
"Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
"Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
"A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
"Great! 
"I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
"Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
"Hello! 
"Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
"That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
"VOTE! 
"Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!"
"Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!"
"Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!"
"Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!"
"Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!"
"Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!"

"Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!"

"COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
"Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 

"Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
".@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!"
"Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
"Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews"
"When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!"
"Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!"
"Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!"
"I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
" 
"....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!"
"Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost...."
"...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities..."
"Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced..."
"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?"
"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!"
"Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!"
"As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice"
"Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets &amp; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #ME02 
"Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
"FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!"
"Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
"Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!"
"We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
"96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
"Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!"

"So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!"

"RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!"
"FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!"
"My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!"
"15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!"
".@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!"
"In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!"
"AP has long been Fake News! 
"A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!"
"People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc."
"Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!"

"OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!"
"They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines &amp; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
"People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!"
"The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J."
"Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
"Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!"
"See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!"
"Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE"

"The Democrats are very proud! 
"It’s the only way they know! 
"Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGA"
"Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!"
"The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
"Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
"Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! 
"I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis"
"Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"
"These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
"Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!"
"The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!"
"Rigged! 
"No. A Rigged Election! 
"Leading by a lot! 
"See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!"
"He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
"California is going to hell. Vote Trump!"
"A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
"New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!"
"Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!"
"Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
"SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!"
"Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!"
"The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!"
"Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!"
"Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!"
"Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight."
"Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!"
"STOCK MARKET UP BIG!"
"So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!"
"We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!"

"Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!"
"The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA"
"STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!"
"HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!"
"Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA"
"So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!"
"Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE"
"307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster."
"Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
"Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!"
"Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!"
" 
"Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!"
"Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!"
"Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
